[Multi Cluster] A GitOps story for multi region (#183)
mspnp/aks-secure-baseline: 06-aks-cluster.md

        > azuredeploy.parameters.region2.json
        ```

    1.  Customize Flux to watch your own repo.

        > :book: GitOps allows a team to author Kubernetes manifest files, persist them in their git repo, and have them automatically applied to their clusters as changes occur. This reference implementation is for a multi cluster infrastructure, so Flux is going to use Kustomizer to deploy regions differenly by using a set of base manifest and patcing them when needed.

        ```bash

>         sed -i -e 's/<user-name>/${GITHUB_USER_NAME}/' cluster-manifests/base/cluster-baseline-settings/flux.yaml

Reviewer: Does this (cluster-manifests/base/cluster-baseline-settings/flux.yaml) exist?  Looks like it was renamed and then made region specific?

Author: that is correct! thanks for noticing next PR is taking care of this.

Author: Done here to honor the feedback ❤️  and align changes as they should be in first place (will take over the conflicts in next PR) | Addressed from [84a9a](https://github.com/mspnp/aks-secure-baseline/pull/183/commits/84a9a58f674a7ef0d5e6a45fe124ca8c93990c59) and [d749b](https://github.com/mspnp/aks-secure-baseline/pull/183/commits/d749b9b42f00a8b7650d00d3531deba57530d1f9)

>         sed -i -e 's/<user-name>/${GITHUB_USER_NAME}/' cluster-manifests/base/cluster-baseline-settings/flux.yaml

Reviewer: Is this the one that is now in `/cluster-baseline-settings/flux-system/flux.yaml`

Author: good catch! done | Addressed from [c2d7c](https://github.com/mspnp/aks-secure-baseline/pull/183/commits/c2d7c2557a5f4f7e57c7a75f1903362c4f0b03b0)

        ```

        > :bulb: You want to modify your GitOps manifest file to point your forked repo. Later on you can push changes to your very own repo, and they will be reflected in the state of you cluster.

    1.  The workflow start when a push on the `main` branch is detected. Therefore, push the changes to your forked repo.

>         > :book: The app team monitors the workflow execution as this impacting a critical piece of infrastructure. This flow works for both new or an existing AKS clusters. The workflow deploy the multiple clusters in different regions, and configure the desired state for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        > :book: The app team monitors the workflow execution as this is impacting a critical piece of infrastructure. This flow works for both new or existing AKS clusters. The workflow deploys the multiple clusters in different regions, and configures the desired state for them.
```

        Once the authentication happens successfully, some new items will be added to your `kubeconfig` file such as an `access-token` with an expiration period. For more information on how this process works in Kubernetes please refer to [the related documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#openid-connect-tokens).

    1.  Ensure Flux in region 1 and 2 has created the workload namespaces.

>         :bulb: Please notice that both namespaces are Kustomization overlays, and as such they were customized to be decorated with the region number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        :bulb: Please notice that both namespaces are Kustomization overlays, and as such they were customized to be annotated with the region number.
```
